Today's million merchants conference
Just for me
Hahahaha oh
Wan Jiaqi, why are you still talking like a fart?
You just happen to be surnamed Wan, not from the Wan family at all
Believe it or not?
You really think we are fools, Wan Jiaqi
Just an orphan
You want to climb all the branches
Everyone in the family has peeled your skin off
Yes, Mr Wang.
It's called enlightenment.
Didn't Chen Zhixiong tell you anything?
We never ask about Master Xiong
Then I say I am the eldest young master of Wanjia
Do you believe it?
Haha Wan Jiaqi
You see, you don't believe anyone.
You also say that you are the eldest young master of Wan Family
If it's really the young master of the Wanjia
Then why doesn't Master Wanjie know you?
Yes, that's right.
Last time you were so noisy at the wedding
Master Wanjie hasn't settled the bill with you yet
Wait a minute, Master Wanjie is here
See how you argue with him
This is banquet farming
Who dares to make trouble?